feat(github): Platform-native commit API (#12410)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

This behavior is no longer guaranteed when you enable `platformAutomerge` because the platform might automerge a branch which is not up-to-date.
For example, GitHub might automerge a Renovate branch even if it's behind the base branch at the time.

## platformCommit

> Commits peformed by platform-native API will be marked as verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commits will be performed by the platform API rather than using `git` directly.
```
